checkTx trusted (#3990)
tendermint/tendermint: docs/spec/abci/apps.md

mempool from rechecking all transactions every time a block is committed, set
the configuration option `mempool.recheck=false`. As of Tendermint v0.32.1,
an additional `Type` parameter is made available to the CheckTx function that

> indicates whether an incoming transaction is (`CheckTxType_Local`), (`CheckTxType_Remote`),

Reviewer: needs to be rewritten

```suggestion
indicates whether an incoming transaction is untrusted (`CheckTxType_Untrusted`), trusted (`CheckTxType_Trusted`),
```
